<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [messageAdded][1]
-   [startFetchMessages][2]
-   [doneFetchMessages][3]
-   [addDummyMessage][4]
-   [showSpinner][5]
-   [showSpinner][6]
-   [hideSpinner][7]
-   [hideSpinner][8]
-   [createPrivateKey][9]
-   [removeAllPrivateKeys][10]
-   [removePrivateKey][11]
-   [mnemonicCreated][12]
-   [savePrivateKey][13]
-   [validateEnteredMnemonic][14]
-   [changeMnemonicValid][15]
-   [changeEnteredMnemonic][16]
-   [startNationCreation][17]
-   [startNationEditing][18]
-   [resetNationCreation][19]
-   [editingNationFieldChange][20]
-   [cancelNationCreation][21]
-   [saveNationDraft][22]
-   [deleteNationDraft][23]
-   [submitNation][24]
-   [nationDraftSaveResult][25]
-   [nationDraftDeleteResult][26]
-   [nationSubmitResult][27]
-   [switchNationTab][28]
-   [openNation][29]
-   [openNation][30]
-   [requestSyncNations][31]
-   [fetchNationsStarted][32]
-   [joinNation][33]
-   [joinNation][34]
-   [leaveNation][35]
-   [leaveNation][36]
-   [doneFetchNations][37]
-   [doneSyncNations][38]
-   [startUserCreating][39]
-   [startUserEditing][40]
-   [changeEditingUser][41]
-   [setUserProfile][42]
-   [cancelUserEditing][43]
-   [doneUserEditing][44]
-   [requestProfileUpdate][45]
-   [getUserProfile][46]
-   [makeStep][47]
-   [resetSteps][48]
-   [emptyWallet][49]
-   [selectWallet][50]
-   [sendMoney][51]
-   [walletsListUpdated][52]
-   [updateWalletList][53]
-   [updateWalletBalance][54]
-   [sendMoneySuccess][55]
-   [sendMoneyFailed][56]
-   [walletSyncFailed][57]
-   [style][58]
-   [style][59]
-   [style][60]
-   [style][61]
-   [style][62]
-   [source][63]
-   [BackgroundImage][64]
-   [text][65]
-   [text][66]
-   [text][67]
-   [BodyParagraph][68]
-   [BodyParagraphs][69]
-   [children][70]
-   [children][71]
-   [onPress][72]
-   [onPress][73]
-   [onPress][74]
-   [onPress][75]
-   [enabled][76]
-   [title][77]
-   [title][78]
-   [title][79]
-   [title][80]
-   [Button][81]
-   [React][82]
-   [participants][83]
-   [id][84]
-   [id][85]
-   [itemIcon][86]
-   [FakeNavigationBar][87]
-   [Loading][88]
-   [disable][89]
-   [iconSource][90]
-   [NationActionButton][91]
-   [NationListHeader][92]
-   [textStyle][93]
-   [status][94]
-   [status][95]
-   [statusColor][96]
-   [statusColor][97]
-   [NationListItem][98]
-   [navigator][99]
-   [navigator][100]
-   [NavigatorComponent][101]
-   [titleStyle][102]
-   [icon][103]
-   [body][104]
-   [renderAdditionalInfo][105]
-   [onButtonClick][106]
-   [buttonTitle][107]
-   [renderBottom][108]
-   [childrenContainerStyle][109]
-   [PanelView][110]
-   [PanelViewAlert][111]
-   [nationName][112]
-   [styles][113]
-   [value][114]
-   [value][115]
-   [label][116]
-   [label][117]
-   [onValueChange][118]
-   [SwitchLabeled][119]
-   [rowsCount][120]
-   [itemsPerRow][121]
-   [disableInactiveRows][122]
-   [activeRow][123]
-   [renderItem][124]
-   [GridView][125]
-   [Component][126]
-   [index][127]
-   [isLast][128]
-   [editable][129]
-   [onChange][130]
-   [onSubmit][131]
-   [onFocus][132]
-   [PrivateKeyTextInputContainer][133]
-   [nameHeading][134]
-   [balance][135]
-   [imagePath][136]
-   [onSendPress][137]
-   [onReceivePress][138]
-   [WalletCard][139]
-   [errorAlert][140]
-   [alert][141]
-   [convertHex][142]
-   [shadeOf][143]
-   [shadeOfBitnationColor][144]
-   [shadeOfBitnationLightColor][145]
-   [screen][146]
-   [mergeMessages][147]
-   [activity][148]
-   [chat][149]
-   [key][150]
-   [modifyNation][151]
-   [nationIsModified][152]
-   [nations][153]
-   [nations][154]
-   [nations][155]
-   [nations][156]
-   [profile][157]
-   [testingMode][158]
-   [wallet][159]
-   [syncNations][160]
-   [startNationIndexingWorker][161]
-   [watchNationUpdate][162]
-   [updateProfile][163]
-   [getProfile][164]
-   [watchProfileUpdate][165]
-   [startProcessing][166]
-   [selectedTab][167]
-   [selectedTab][168]
-   [myNations][169]
-   [myNations][170]
-   [onSelectItem][171]
-   [fetchNations][172]
-   [isBot][173]
-   [nationId][174]
-   [user][175]
-   [isFetching][176]
-   [messages][177]
-   [joined][178]
-   [messages][179]
-   [testingMode][180]
-   [onAddDummyMessage][181]
-   [ActivityPanel][182]
-   [nations][183]
-   [onSelectNation][184]
-   [loadingInProgress][185]
-   [NationsPanel][186]
-   [wallets][187]
-   [WalletPanel][188]
-   [factory][189]
-   [ProfileType][190]
-   [ProfileType][191]
-   [ProfileType][192]
-   [AccountBalanceType][193]
-   [AccountBalanceType][194]
-   [AccountBalanceType][195]
-   [MessageJobType][196]
-   [MessageJobType][197]
-   [MessageJobType][198]
-   [TransactionJobType][199]
-   [TransactionJobType][200]
-   [TransactionJobType][201]
-   [NationType][202]
-   [NationType][203]
-   [NationType][204]
-   [schemata][205]
-   [ethDaemon][206]
-   [osDependencies][207]
-   [secureStorage][208]
-   [CurrencyType][209]
-   [WalletType][210]
-   [createGiftedChatMessageObject][211]
-   [roundEth][212]
-   [prettyWalletBalance][213]
-   [shortEthAddress][214]
-   [resolveNation][215]
-   [NationStatusCode][216]
-   [NationStatusType][217]
-   [NationStatus][218]
-   [resolveStatus][219]
-   [nationIsDraft][220]
-   [convertToDatabase][221]
-   [convertFromDatabase][222]
-   [convertToEditingNation][223]
-   [nationIsValid][224]
-   [fontSizeNormalizer][225]
-   [normalWidthMargin][226]
-   [isiPhoneXStatusBar][227]
-   [isiPhoneXTabBar][228]

## messageAdded

Action creator for an action that should be called once new activity log message added.

**Parameters**

-   `message` **ActivityLogMessage** Activity log message that is added.

Returns **MessageAddedAction** An action.

## startFetchMessages

Action creator for an action that starts fetching of activity log messages.

**Parameters**

-   `limit` **[number][229]** Limit of count of messages to fetch. (optional, default `ACTIVITY_MESSAGES_LIMIT`)

Returns **{type: [string][230], limit: [number][229]}** An action.

## doneFetchMessages

Action creator for an action to be called when activity log messages is fetched.

**Parameters**

-   `messages` **[Array][231]&lt;ActivityLogMessage>** Activity log messages that was fetched.

Returns **DoneFetchMessagesAction** An action.

## addDummyMessage

Action for an action that adds dummy activity log message for testing purposes.

Returns **AddDummyMessageAction** An action.

## showSpinner

Action for an action that shows spinner while processing in background

Returns **ShowSpinnerAction** An action.

## showSpinner

Function to show spinner

## hideSpinner

Action for an action that hide spinner after the process is completed

Returns **HideSpinnerAction** An action.

## hideSpinner

Function to hide spinner

## createPrivateKey

Action creator for an action that should be called on start of
private key creation process.

Returns **CreatePrivateKeyAction** An action.

## removeAllPrivateKeys

Action creator for an action that removes all saved private keys.

Returns **RemoveAllPrivateKeysAction** An action.

## removePrivateKey

Action creator for an action that removes currently creating private key.

Returns **RemovePrivateKeyAction** An action.

## mnemonicCreated

Action creator for an action that should be called when
mnemonic for private key is created.

**Parameters**

-   `mnemonic` **Mnemonic** Mnemonic that is created.

Returns **MnemonicCreatedAction** An action.

## savePrivateKey

Action creator for an action that starts private key saving.

Returns **SavePrivateKeyAction** An action.

## validateEnteredMnemonic

Action creator for an action that starts entered mnemonic validation process.

Returns **ValidateEnteredMnemonicAction** An action.

## changeMnemonicValid

Action creator for an action that should be called once
mnemonic validation status is changed.

**Parameters**

-   `valid` **([boolean][232] | null)** Flag that shows if mnemonic is valid.
    Null is used to mark an undefined state of validation (while it is in progress).

Returns **ChangeMnemonicValidAction** An action.

## changeEnteredMnemonic

Action creator for an action that should be called once entered mnemonic is changed.

**Parameters**

-   `mnemonic` **Mnemonic** Mnemonic that is entered.

Returns **ChangeEnteredMnemonicAction** An action.

## startNationCreation

Action creator for an action that should be called on start of nation creation process.

Returns **StartNationCreationAction** An action.

## startNationEditing

Action creator for an action that should be called on start of nation editing process.

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **[NationType][233]** Nation to edit.

Returns **StartNationEditingAction** An action.

## resetNationCreation

Action creator for an action that resets currently modified nation to its initial
state.

Returns **ResetNationCreationAction** An action.

## editingNationFieldChange

Action creator for an action that changes field of currently modified nation.

**Parameters**

-   `field` **[string][230]** Name of field to be changed.
-   `data` **any** Value of field to be changed.

Returns **EditingNationFieldChangeAction** An action.

## cancelNationCreation

Action creator for an action that cancels nation creation process.

Returns **CancelNationCreationAction** An action.

## saveNationDraft

Action creator for an action that starts draft save.

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **EditingNationType** Nation data to be saved or draft to be updated.
-   `callback` **[function][234]** Callback to be called when save is finished.

Returns **SaveNationDraftAction** An action.

## deleteNationDraft

Action creator for an action that starts draft delete.

**Parameters**

-   `nationId` **[number][229]** Id of draft to be deleted.
-   `callback` **[function][234]** Callback to be called when delete is finished.

Returns **DeleteNationDraftAction** An action.

## submitNation

Action creator for an action that starts nation submit.

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **EditingNationType** Nation data or draft to be submitted.
-   `callback` **[function][234]** Callback to be called when submit is finished.

Returns **SubmitNationAction** An action.

## nationDraftSaveResult

Action creator for an action that starts nation submit.

**Parameters**

-   `nationId` **[number][229]** Id of nation that is save relates to.
-   `error` **[Error][235]?** Error if any.

Returns **NationDraftSaveResultAction** An action.

## nationDraftDeleteResult

Action creator for an action that starts nation draft delete.

**Parameters**

-   `nationId` **[number][229]** Id of nation that is delete relates to.
-   `error` **[Error][235]?** Error if any.

Returns **NationDraftDeleteResultAction** An action.

## nationSubmitResult

Action creator for an action that starts nation submit.

**Parameters**

-   `nationId` **[number][229]** Id of nation that is submit relates to.
-   `error` **[Error][235]?** Error if any.

Returns **NationSubmitResultAction** An action.

## switchNationTab

Action creator for an action that switches nation list filter.

**Parameters**

-   `tab` **NationTab** Tab to switch to.

Returns **SwitchNationTabAction** An action.

## openNation

Action creator for an action that should be called before show nation details screen.

**Parameters**

-   `id` **NationIdType** Id of nation to open.

Returns **OpenNationAction** An action.

## openNation

Function to open a nation

**Parameters**

-   `id`  Id of the nation to be opened

## requestSyncNations

Action creator for an action that starts nations sync with databse.

Returns **RequestSyncNationsAction** An action.

## fetchNationsStarted

Action creator for an action that is called when nations fetch started.

Returns **FetchNationsStartedAction** An action.

## joinNation

Action creator for an action that starts currently opened nation join.

Returns **JoinNationAction** An action.

## joinNation

function generator for nations join saga

Returns **void** 

## leaveNation

Action creator for an action that starts currently opened nation leave.

Returns **LeaveNationAction** An action.

## leaveNation

function generator for nations leave saga

Returns **void** 

## doneFetchNations

Action creator for an action that is called when nations fetch finished.

Returns **DoneFetchNationsAction** An action

## doneSyncNations

Action creator for an action that is called when nations sync finished.

**Parameters**

-   `nations` **[Array][231]&lt;[NationType][233]>** Nations coming from database.

Returns **DoneSyncNationsAction** An action.

## startUserCreating

Action creator for an action that should be called to start user profile creating.

Returns **StartUserCreatingAction** An action.

## startUserEditing

Action creator for an action that should be called to start user profile editing.

Returns **StartUserEditingAction** An action.

## changeEditingUser

Action creator for an action that changes currently edit user with new value.

**Parameters**

-   `user` **[ProfileType][236]** New user value.

Returns **ChangeEditingUserAction** An action.

## setUserProfile

Action creator for an action that sets user profile with new value.
Used to update profile after fetch from database.

**Parameters**

-   `user` **[ProfileType][236]** User profile value.

Returns **SetUserProfileAction** An action.

## cancelUserEditing

Action creator for an action that should be called to cancel user editing.

Returns **CancelUserEditingAction** An action.

## doneUserEditing

Action creator for an action that should be called on done user editing.

Returns **DoneUserEditingAction** An action.

## requestProfileUpdate

Action creator for an action that starts profile SAVE process to database.

Returns **RequestProfileUpdateAction** An action.

## getUserProfile

Action creator for an action that starts profile GET process from database.

Returns **GetUserProfileAction** An action.

## makeStep

Action creator for make step action.
That action is used to toggle activation of testing mode.
Specifically, each toggling requires several (fixed amount of) steps to be made.

Returns **MakeStepAction** An action.

## resetSteps

Action creator for reset steps action.
That action is used to reset activation of testing mode.
Resets number of steps made to initial value.

Returns **ResetStepsAction** An action.

## emptyWallet

Action creator for empty wallet action.
That action is used to toggle walletEmpty prop.

Returns **EmptyWalletAction** An action.

## selectWallet

Action creator for an action that select a wallet to be currently active.

**Parameters**

-   `wallet` **[WalletType][237]** Wallet to select.

Returns **SelectWalletAction** An action.

## sendMoney

Action creator for an action that sends money.

**Parameters**

-   `amount` **[number][229]** Amount to send in eth.
-   `toEthAddress` **[string][230]** Address to send money.

Returns **SendMoneyAction** An action.

## walletsListUpdated

Action creator for an action that takes update of wallets available.

**Parameters**

-   `wallets` **[Array][231]&lt;[WalletType][237]>** Array of wallets.

Returns **WalletListUpdatedAction** An action.

## updateWalletList

Action creator for an action that starts wallets list update.

Returns **UpdateWalletListAction** An action.

## updateWalletBalance

Action creator for an action that starts specific wallet update.

**Parameters**

-   `walletAddress` **[string][230]** Address of wallet to update.

Returns **UpdateWalletBalanceAction** An action.

## sendMoneySuccess

Action creator for an action that should be called on send money success.

Returns **SendMoneySuccessAction** An action.

## sendMoneyFailed

Action creator for an action that should be called on send money failed.

**Parameters**

-   `error` **[Error][235]** An error that occurs.

Returns **SendMoneyFailedAction** An action.

## walletSyncFailed

Action creator for an action that should be called on wallet synchronization fail.

**Parameters**

-   `walletAddress` **[string][230]** Address of wallet that was synced.
-   `error` **[Error][235]** An error that occurs.

Returns **WalletSyncFailedAction** An action.

## style

Custom style to apply to component on top of default.

## style

Style to be applied on top of default styles.

## style

Style object to be applied on root view.

## style

Style object to be applied on top of default style.

## style

Style object to be applied on root view on top of default style.

## source

Source of image to be shown instead of default background.

## BackgroundImage

Component that renders common background image.
You should use it instead of placing background image on your own.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.style`  
    -   `$0.source`  
    -   `$0.props` **...any** 

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## text

Text to render.

## text

Text to display on item

## text

Text to display on item

## BodyParagraph

Component to render a paragraph of body text.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.text`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## BodyParagraphs

Component to render multiple paragraphs of body text.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.paragraphs`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## children

Component(s) to be rendered inside a button.

## children

Children to be rendered inside panel view.

## onPress

Callback to be called on button press.

## onPress

Callback on press item.

## onPress

Callback to be called when button is pressed.

## onPress

Callback on press item.

## enabled

Flag that determines if button is enabled.

## title

Title to show on button.

## title

Text label of the button.

## title

Title of header

## title

Title of panel

## Button

Component that renders common button.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.style`  
    -   `$0.children`  
    -   `$0.onPress`  
    -   `$0.enabled`  
    -   `$0.title`  
    -   `$0.props` **...any** 

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## React

Component that renders Chat Nations list item.

## participants

Number of participants in the chat to be displayed.

## id

Id that will be passed in onPress callback.

## id

Id that will be passed in onPress callback.

## itemIcon

Image resource to be displayed as icon.

## FakeNavigationBar

Component is used to add margin on top of the screen.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.navBarHidden`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## Loading

Component to render loading indicator on top of a container.

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## disable

Value to enable/disable the button.

## iconSource

Resource to be rendered as icon with the button.

## NationActionButton

Component that renders the buttons used on the Nations Screens (icon + text)

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.title`  
    -   `$0.disable`  
    -   `$0.iconSource`  
    -   `$0.onPress`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## NationListHeader

Component for section header in nations list.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.title`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## textStyle

Style object for basic text style

## status

Status of the Nation to display on item

## status

Status message to show in panel

## statusColor

Color Status of the Nation's label to display on item

## statusColor

Takes a nation's key status and returns the corresponding color

**Parameters**

-   `status` **[number][229]** 

Returns **Color** 

## NationListItem

Component that renders nations list item.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.id`  
    -   `$0.textStyle`  
    -   `$0.onPress`  
    -   `$0.text`  
    -   `$0.status`  
    -   `$0.statusColor`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## navigator

React Native Navigation navigator object.

## navigator

React Native Navigation navigator object.

## NavigatorComponent

**Extends Component**

Component that handles events from react-native-navigation and passes it as functions
to override.

**Parameters**

-   `props` **any** 

**Examples**

```javascript
class ScreenComponent extends NavigatorComponent {

  onDidAppear() {
    console.log('Screen appears on screen!');
  }

}
```

## titleStyle

Style object of the title

## icon

Icon of panel

## body

Body text of panel

## renderAdditionalInfo

Renders content between panel body and panel button

## onButtonClick

Callback on panel button click. Button appears only if this one is passed.

## buttonTitle

Title of panel button.

## renderBottom

Renders content below panel button.

## childrenContainerStyle

Style object to be passed into children container.

## PanelView

**Extends React.Component**

Component that renders common panel view. It is used to provide list or mosaic layout.

## PanelViewAlert

Component that renders an alert panel view for Nations Status

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.status`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## nationName

Name of the Nation of citizenship

## styles

Component that renders the panel indicating the user is Citizen of a Nation

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## value

Value of the Switch.

## value

Text value of wrapped text field.

## label

Text label at the right of the Switch.

## label

Text label to be rendered below component. Used to show number of field.

## onValueChange

Callback to be called on Switch when changes value.

## SwitchLabeled

Generates a standard native Switch with a Label at the right

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.onValueChange`  
    -   `$0.value`  
    -   `$0.label`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## rowsCount

Count of rows in grid view.

## itemsPerRow

Count of columns in grid view.

## disableInactiveRows

Flag that specifies, if only one row (specified by activeRow prop)
should be shown as active.

## activeRow

Index of active row.

## renderItem

Function to render item of the grid. Takes one parameter - index of item (number).

## GridView

**Extends React.Component**

Component to draw a grid of similar components.

## Component

Generates a customized Single/Multiselect component used in Create a Nation

## index

Used to identify component among each other.

## isLast

Determines if the field is last. This change behavior of keyboard handling.

## editable

Determines if text field should be editable.

## onChange

Callback on change text of wrapped text field.

## onSubmit

Callback on submit of wrapped text field.

## onFocus

Callback on focus of wrapped text field.

## PrivateKeyTextInputContainer

**Extends React.Component**

Component that renders text input view for private key input process.

**Parameters**

-   `props` **Props** 

## nameHeading

Name for the wallet

## balance

Balance of the wallet

## imagePath

Image to be displayed

## onSendPress

Callback on send money button press

## onReceivePress

Callback on receive money button press

## WalletCard

Component for rendering wallet details.

**Parameters**

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.imagePath`  
    -   `$0.nameHeading`  
    -   `$0.balance`  
    -   `$0.onSendPress`  
    -   `$0.onReceivePress`  

Returns **React.Component** A component.

## errorAlert

Shows common error alert. Use this to show any error to user.

**Parameters**

-   `error` **[Error][235]** Error to display

Returns **void** 

## alert

Shows common alert, used to simplify common code for i18n.

**Parameters**

-   `name` **[string][230]** Name of alert to determine texts for title, subtitle and buttons.
    I18n is used to get corresponding texts.
-   `buttons` **[Array][231]&lt;[Button][238]>** Array of buttons to display on alert.
-   `cancellable` **[boolean][232]** If alert is cancellable for Android. (optional, default `false`)

Returns **void** 

## convertHex

Convert a hex color and an opacity to an rgb or rgba color string

**Parameters**

-   `hex` **[string][230]** Hex string of color.
-   `opacity` **[number][229]** Value of desired opacity in range from 0 to 1. (optional, default `1`)

**Examples**

```javascript
convertHex("#FF120A")
```

```javascript
convertHex("#FF120A",0.3)
```

```javascript
convertHex("#FF120A", 30)
```

Returns **[string][230]** rgba color string.

## shadeOf

Calculates a shade of main color with specified opacity.

**Parameters**

-   `color` **[string][230]** Hex color string.
-   `opacity` **[number][229]** Value of desired opacity in range from 0 to 1.

**Examples**

```javascript
newShade = shadeOf("#12CCAA", 0.1) returns rgba(18,204,170,0.1)
```

Returns **[string][230]** Resulted rgba color string.

## shadeOfBitnationColor

Returns a shade of Bitnation color.

**Parameters**

-   `opacity` **[number][229]** Value of desired opacity in range from 0 to 1.

Returns **[string][230]** Resulted rgba color string.

## shadeOfBitnationLightColor

Returns a shade of Bitnation light color.

**Parameters**

-   `opacity` **[number][229]** Value of desired opacity in range from 0 to 1.

Returns **[string][230]** Resulted rgba color string.

## screen

Returns and object that represents a screen in React Native Navigation library.

**Parameters**

-   `name` **[string][230]** Name of the screen. Check Screens constant above for possible names.

Returns **[Object][239]** A screen object.

## mergeMessages

Function to merge two arrays of activity log messages.
Messages are compared by id and sorted in descending order of id (newest at the beginning).

**Parameters**

-   `currentMessages` **[Array][231]&lt;ActivityLogMessage>** Current messages array.
-   `newMessages` **[Array][231]&lt;ActivityLogMessage>** New messages array to be merged with current.
-   `limit` **[number][229]** Limit of count in resulted array. (optional, default `ACTIVITY_MESSAGES_LIMIT`)

Returns **[Array][231]&lt;ActivityLogMessage>** Merged messages.

## activity

Activity reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## chat

Activity reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## key

Key reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## modifyNation

Modify nation reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## nationIsModified

Selector that checks if editing nation is modified compared to initial nation.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state.

Returns **[boolean][232]** Result.

## nations

Nations reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## nations

List of all nations

## nations

List of nations

## nations

List of nations

## profile

Profile reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## testingMode

Testing mode reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## wallet

Wallet reducer.

**Parameters**

-   `state` **State** Current state. (optional, default `initialState`)
-   `action` **Action** Performed Action.

Returns **State** Next state.

## syncNations

Synchronize redux state with database.

Returns **void** 

## startNationIndexingWorker

Repeat indexing regularly by some period of time.

Returns **void** 

## watchNationUpdate

action watchers for nations saga

Returns **void** 

## updateProfile

function generator for profile update saga

Returns **void** 

## getProfile

function generator for get profile saga

Returns **void** 

## watchProfileUpdate

action watchers for profile saga

Returns **void** 

## startProcessing

Starts worker for processing transactions.

Returns **void** Void.

## selectedTab

Selected Tab Name

## selectedTab

Selected Tab Name

## myNations

List of nations that the current user has joined to.

## myNations

List of nations that the current user has joined to.

## onSelectItem

Function to be called when an item is selected from the list

**Parameters**

-   `id`  ID of the nation to be opened
-   `isBot`  Flag to indicate if the selected channel is bot

## fetchNations

Function to retrieve nations from the database

## isBot

A boolean prop to indicate whether the channel is a bot or not

## nationId

Id of the selected nation

## user

Current user object

## isFetching

Flag that indicates the loading status

## messages

List of messages

## joined

Flag that indicates whether the socket connection is established

## messages

Array of messages objects to display

## testingMode

State of testing mode. For testing only.

## onAddDummyMessage

Callback to add dummy message. For testing only.

## ActivityPanel

**Extends Component**

Component to render nation panel on dashboard

## nations

Array of all nations objects

## onSelectNation

Callback on select nation to open. Takes one parameter - id of nation.

## loadingInProgress

Flag if loading is in progress.

## NationsPanel

**Extends Component**

Component to render nation panel on dashboard

## wallets

Array of wallet objects.

## WalletPanel

**Extends Component**

Component to render wallet panel on dashboard

## factory

Creates an realm instance

**Parameters**

-   `customDbPath` **[string][230]** optional path to the database

Returns **Iterator** returns an iterator like every generator

## ProfileType

Type: {id: [number][229], name: [string][230], location: [string][230], latitude: [string][230], longitude: [string][230], description: [string][230], image: [string][230], version: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `pseudo` **[string][230]** 
-   `description` **[string][230]** 
-   `image` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `name` **[string][230]** 
-   `location` **[string][230]** 
-   `latitude` **[string][230]** 
-   `longitude` **[string][230]** 
-   `description` **[string][230]** 
-   `image` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[string][230]** 

## ProfileType

Type: {id: [number][229], name: [string][230], location: [string][230], latitude: [string][230], longitude: [string][230], description: [string][230], image: [string][230], version: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `pseudo` **[string][230]** 
-   `description` **[string][230]** 
-   `image` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `name` **[string][230]** 
-   `location` **[string][230]** 
-   `latitude` **[string][230]** 
-   `longitude` **[string][230]** 
-   `description` **[string][230]** 
-   `image` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[string][230]** 

## ProfileType

Type: {id: [number][229], name: [string][230], location: [string][230], latitude: [string][230], longitude: [string][230], description: [string][230], image: [string][230], version: [string][230], uid: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `pseudo` **[string][230]** 
-   `description` **[string][230]** 
-   `image` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `name` **[string][230]** 
-   `location` **[string][230]** 
-   `latitude` **[string][230]** 
-   `longitude` **[string][230]** 
-   `description` **[string][230]** 
-   `image` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[string][230]** 
-   `uid` **[string][230]** 

## AccountBalanceType

Type: {id: [string][230], address: [string][230], amount: [string][230], synced_at: [number][229], currency: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[string][230]** 
-   `address` **[string][230]** 
-   `amount` **[string][230]** 
-   `synced_at` **[number][229]** 
-   `currency` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[string][230]** 
-   `address` **[string][230]** 
-   `amount` **[string][230]** 
-   `synced_at` **[number][229]** 
-   `currency` **[string][230]** 

## AccountBalanceType

Type: {id: [string][230], address: [string][230], amount: [string][230], synced_at: [number][229], currency: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[string][230]** 
-   `address` **[string][230]** 
-   `amount` **[string][230]** 
-   `synced_at` **[number][229]** 
-   `currency` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[string][230]** 
-   `address` **[string][230]** 
-   `amount` **[string][230]** 
-   `synced_at` **[number][229]** 
-   `currency` **[string][230]** 

## AccountBalanceType

Type: {id: [string][230], address: [string][230], amount: [string][230], synced_at: [number][229], currency: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[string][230]** 
-   `address` **[string][230]** 
-   `amount` **[string][230]** 
-   `synced_at` **[number][229]** 
-   `currency` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[string][230]** 
-   `address` **[string][230]** 
-   `amount` **[string][230]** 
-   `synced_at` **[number][229]** 
-   `currency` **[string][230]** 

## MessageJobType

Type: {id: [number][229], heading: [string][230], text: [string][230], version: [number][229], created_at: [Date][240]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `heading` **[string][230]** 
-   `text` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `created_at` **[date][240]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `heading` **[string][230]** 
-   `text` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `created_at` **[Date][240]** 

## MessageJobType

Type: {id: [number][229], heading: [string][230], params: [string][230], version: [number][229], display: [boolean][232], interpret: [boolean][232], created_at: [Date][240]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `heading` **[string][230]** 
-   `text` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `created_at` **[date][240]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `heading` **[string][230]** 
-   `params` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `display` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `interpret` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `created_at` **[Date][240]** 

## MessageJobType

Type: {id: [number][229], heading: [string][230], params: [string][230], version: [number][229], display: [boolean][232], interpret: [boolean][232], created_at: [Date][240]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `heading` **[string][230]** 
-   `text` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `created_at` **[date][240]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `heading` **[string][230]** 
-   `params` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `display` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `interpret` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `created_at` **[Date][240]** 

## TransactionJobType

Type: {id: [number][229], timeout: [number][229], processor: [string][230], data: [string][230]?, successHeading: [string][230], successBody: [string][230], failHeading: [string][230], failBody: [string][230], status: (`"WAITING"` \| `"DONE"` \| `"PROCESSING"` \| `"FAILED"`), version: [number][229]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `timeout` **[number][229]** 
-   `processor` **[string][230]** 
-   `data` **[object][239]** 
-   `status` **[string][230]** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 
-   `successHeading` **[string][230]** 
-   `successBody` **[string][230]** 
-   `failHeading` **[string][230]** 
-   `failBody` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `timeout` **[number][229]** 
-   `processor` **[string][230]** 
-   `data` **[string][230]?** 
-   `successHeading` **[string][230]** 
-   `successBody` **[string][230]** 
-   `failHeading` **[string][230]** 
-   `failBody` **[string][230]** 
-   `status` **(`"WAITING"` \| `"DONE"` \| `"PROCESSING"` \| `"FAILED"`)** 
-   `version` **[number][229]** 

## TransactionJobType

Type: {txHash: [string][230], status: [number][229], type: [string][230], nation: ([NationType][233] | null)}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `txHash` **[string][230]** 
-   `status` **[number][229]** 
-   `type` **[string][230]** Can be something like NATION_JOIN, NATION_LEAVE, NATION_CREATE etc. Used to know what this transaction is about.
-   `txHash` **[string][230]** 
-   `status` **[number][229]** 
-   `type` **[string][230]** 
-   `nation` **([NationType][233] | null)** 

## TransactionJobType

Type: {txHash: [string][230], status: [number][229], type: [string][230], nation: ([NationType][233] | null)}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `txHash` **[string][230]** 
-   `status` **[number][229]** 
-   `type` **[string][230]** Can be something like NATION_JOIN, NATION_LEAVE, NATION_CREATE etc. Used to know what this transaction is about.
-   `txHash` **[string][230]** 
-   `status` **[number][229]** 
-   `type` **[string][230]** 
-   `nation` **([NationType][233] | null)** 

## NationType

Type: {id: [number][229], idInSmartContract: [number][229], created: [boolean][232], nationName: [string][230], nationDescription: [string][230], exists: [boolean][232], virtualNation: [boolean][232], nationCode: [string][230], lawEnforcementMechanism: [string][230], profit: [boolean][232], nonCitizenUse: [boolean][232], diplomaticRecognition: [boolean][232], decisionMakingProcess: [string][230], governanceService: [string][230], citizens: [number][229], joined: [boolean][232], txHash: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `idInSmartContract` **[number][229]** 
-   `created` **[boolean][232]** Created mean's if it is on the blockchain
-   `nationName` **[string][230]** 
-   `nationDescription` **[string][230]** 
-   `exists` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `virtualNation` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationCode` **[string][230]** 
-   `lawEnforcementMechanism` **[string][230]** 
-   `profit` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nonCitizenUse` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `diplomaticRecognition` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `decisionMakingProcess` **[string][230]** 
-   `governanceService` **[string][230]** 
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `idInSmartContract` **[number][229]** 
-   `created` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationName` **[string][230]** 
-   `nationDescription` **[string][230]** 
-   `exists` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `virtualNation` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationCode` **[string][230]** 
-   `lawEnforcementMechanism` **[string][230]** 
-   `profit` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nonCitizenUse` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `diplomaticRecognition` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `decisionMakingProcess` **[string][230]** 
-   `governanceService` **[string][230]** 
-   `citizens` **[number][229]** 
-   `joined` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `txHash` **[string][230]** 

## NationType

Type: {id: [number][229], idInSmartContract: [number][229], created: [boolean][232], nationName: [string][230], nationDescription: [string][230], exists: [boolean][232], virtualNation: [boolean][232], nationCode: [string][230], lawEnforcementMechanism: [string][230], profit: [boolean][232], nonCitizenUse: [boolean][232], diplomaticRecognition: [boolean][232], decisionMakingProcess: [string][230], governanceService: [string][230], citizens: [number][229], joined: [boolean][232], stateMutateAllowed: [boolean][232], resetStateMutateAllowed: [boolean][232], tx: ([TransactionJobType][241] | null)}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** internal id of the dataset
-   `idInSmartContract` **[number][229]** is the id in the nation smart contract. If not this will be -1.
-   `created` **[boolean][232]** mean's if it is written to the blockchain (@todo this is probably an redundant field since you can get this information from "idInSmartContract")
-   `nationName` **[string][230]** human readable name of the nation
-   `nationDescription` **[string][230]** human readable description of the nation
-   `exists` **[boolean][232]** Does the nation already exists?
-   `virtualNation` **[boolean][232]** Is it a virtual nation?
-   `nationCode` **[string][230]** The nation code of law.
-   `lawEnforcementMechanism` **[string][230]** 
-   `profit` **[boolean][232]** Is this nation a for profit use?
-   `nonCitizenUse` **[boolean][232]** Can non citizens use the services?
-   `diplomaticRecognition` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `decisionMakingProcess` **[string][230]** 
-   `governanceService` **[string][230]** 
-   `citizens` **[number][229]** Number of citizens
-   `joined` **[boolean][232]** Did I join the nation?
-   `stateMutateAllowed` **[boolean][232]** Hold information about if we can mutate the state of this nation. Since we only support synchronous mutate of the nation state (join/leave nation).
-   `determinants` **[boolean][232]** if we should reset (set to true) the  stateMutateAllowed on the next indexing round.
-   `tx` **([TransactionJobType][241] | null)** A transaction. It can be e.g. a transaction that is responsible for writing the nation to the blockchain.
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `idInSmartContract` **[number][229]** 
-   `created` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationName` **[string][230]** 
-   `nationDescription` **[string][230]** 
-   `exists` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `virtualNation` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationCode` **[string][230]** 
-   `lawEnforcementMechanism` **[string][230]** 
-   `profit` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nonCitizenUse` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `diplomaticRecognition` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `decisionMakingProcess` **[string][230]** 
-   `governanceService` **[string][230]** 
-   `citizens` **[number][229]** 
-   `joined` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `stateMutateAllowed` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `resetStateMutateAllowed` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `tx` **([TransactionJobType][241] | null)** 

## NationType

Type: {id: [number][229], idInSmartContract: [number][229], created: [boolean][232], nationName: [string][230], nationDescription: [string][230], exists: [boolean][232], virtualNation: [boolean][232], nationCode: [string][230], lawEnforcementMechanism: [string][230], profit: [boolean][232], nonCitizenUse: [boolean][232], diplomaticRecognition: [boolean][232], decisionMakingProcess: [string][230], governanceService: [string][230], citizens: [number][229], joined: [boolean][232], stateMutateAllowed: [boolean][232], resetStateMutateAllowed: [boolean][232], tx: ([TransactionJobType][241] | null)}

**Properties**

-   `id` **[number][229]** internal id of the dataset
-   `idInSmartContract` **[number][229]** is the id in the nation smart contract. If not this will be -1.
-   `created` **[boolean][232]** mean's if it is written to the blockchain (@todo this is probably an redundant field since you can get this information from "idInSmartContract")
-   `nationName` **[string][230]** human readable name of the nation
-   `nationDescription` **[string][230]** human readable description of the nation
-   `exists` **[boolean][232]** Does the nation already exists?
-   `virtualNation` **[boolean][232]** Is it a virtual nation?
-   `nationCode` **[string][230]** The nation code of law.
-   `lawEnforcementMechanism` **[string][230]** 
-   `profit` **[boolean][232]** Is this nation a for profit use?
-   `nonCitizenUse` **[boolean][232]** Can non citizens use the services?
-   `diplomaticRecognition` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `decisionMakingProcess` **[string][230]** 
-   `governanceService` **[string][230]** 
-   `citizens` **[number][229]** Number of citizens
-   `joined` **[boolean][232]** Did I join the nation?
-   `stateMutateAllowed` **[boolean][232]** Hold information about if we can mutate the state of this nation. Since we only support synchronous mutate of the nation state (join/leave nation).
-   `determinants` **[boolean][232]** if we should reset (set to true) the  stateMutateAllowed on the next indexing round.
-   `tx` **([TransactionJobType][241] | null)** A transaction. It can be e.g. a transaction that is responsible for writing the nation to the blockchain.
-   `id` **[number][229]** 
-   `idInSmartContract` **[number][229]** 
-   `created` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationName` **[string][230]** 
-   `nationDescription` **[string][230]** 
-   `exists` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `virtualNation` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nationCode` **[string][230]** 
-   `lawEnforcementMechanism` **[string][230]** 
-   `profit` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `nonCitizenUse` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `diplomaticRecognition` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `decisionMakingProcess` **[string][230]** 
-   `governanceService` **[string][230]** 
-   `citizens` **[number][229]** 
-   `joined` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `stateMutateAllowed` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `resetStateMutateAllowed` **[boolean][232]** 
-   `tx` **([TransactionJobType][241] | null)** 

## schemata

All available schemas. including there version and migration.

## ethDaemon

Implementation of the JsonRpcNodeInterface which is used to communicate with the ethereum chain

Type: JsonRpcNodeInterface

## osDependencies

This module provides some functionality for Panthalassa such as crypto functions

Type: OsDependenciesInterface

## secureStorage

Implementation of the secure storage Panthalassa specification and is used to save sensitive data. You are unlikely to use this. It's required by Panthalassa modules.

Type: SecureStorageInterface

## CurrencyType

Utility type to be used as possible currency values.

Type: `"ETH"`

## WalletType

Wallet type used in the app.

Type: {ethAddress: [string][230], currency: [CurrencyType][242], balance: ([string][230] | null), name: [string][230]}

**Properties**

-   `ethAddress` **[string][230]** 
-   `currency` **[CurrencyType][242]** 
-   `balance` **([string][230] | null)** 
-   `name` **[string][230]** 

## createGiftedChatMessageObject

Function that creates the list of messages to be consumed by GiftedChat

**Parameters**

-   `messagesData` **[Array][231]&lt;any>** Array of message data

Returns **[Array][231]&lt;any>** An array of formatted messages data

## roundEth

Round to 5 digits

**Parameters**

-   `eth` **[string][230]** Round string value that represents eth amount to 5 digits

Returns **[string][230]** 

## prettyWalletBalance

Provide string for wallet balance even if it is undefined

**Parameters**

-   `wallet` **[object][239]** Wallet object
-   `currency` **[object][239]** Current symbol after amount, default is "ETH"
-   `successfulSuffix` **[object][239]** Suffix to add if balance is present

Returns **[string][230]** Formatted balance + successful suffix if balance defined, corresponding string if not defined.

## shortEthAddress

Short and ethereum

**Parameters**

-   `address` **[string][230]** 

**Examples**

```javascript
const shortAddr = shortEthAddress("0x999d1ce359692aebc26cd969a31d47d150128600")

// Will log: 0x999...28600
console.log(shortAddr);
```

Returns **[string][230]** 

## resolveNation

**Parameters**

-   `nations` **[Array][231]&lt;[NationType][233]>** {Array<NationType>} an list of nations
-   `id` **[number][229]** {number} the id of the nation

Returns **(any | ReactWrapper | ConfigT | ShallowWrapper)** 

## NationStatusCode

0 = unknown | 200 = pending | 300 = succeed | 400 = failed (take a look at the transaction queue for the status codes)

Type: (`0` \| `200` \| `300` \| `400`)

## NationStatusType

Describes type of operation that status is related to, e.g. join, leave, create, etc.

Type: (`"NONE"` \| `"NATION_JOIN"` \| `"NATION_LEAVE"` \| `"NATION_CREATE"`)

## NationStatus

Type: {key: [string][230], type: [NationStatusType][243], code: [NationStatusCode][244]}

**Properties**

-   `key` **[string][230]** the translation key of the status
-   `type` **[NationStatusType][243]** the type of the status
-   `code` **[NationStatusCode][244]** the code of the status
-   `key` **[string][230]** 
-   `type` **[NationStatusType][243]** 
-   `code` **[NationStatusCode][244]** 

## resolveStatus

Takes a nation and return's the status that should be displayed to the user

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **[NationType][233]** 

Returns **[Object][239]** 

## nationIsDraft

Returns true if nation is a draft, false otherwise.

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **[NationType][233]** 

Returns **[boolean][232]** 

## convertToDatabase

**Parameters**

-   `nationData` **[NationType][233]** 

Returns **DBNationType** 

## convertFromDatabase

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **DBNationType** 

Returns **[NationType][233]** 

## convertToEditingNation

Convert NationType value to EditingNationType value

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **[NationType][233]** Nation to convert

Returns **EditingNationType** Convert nation.

## nationIsValid

**Parameters**

-   `nation` **any** 

Returns **[boolean][232]** 

## fontSizeNormalizer

Funtion to normalize Font sizes depending on screen size

**Parameters**

-   `size`  The Font Size

Returns **[number][229]** The new font size depending the current screen

## normalWidthMargin

Function to calculate the margin of a component using 2/3 of screen

Returns **[number][229]** The margin to be applied in each side

## isiPhoneXStatusBar

Function to fix the height of Status Bar ONLY in the iPhoneX

**Parameters**

-   `size`  

Returns **[number][229]** The correct size for the Status Bar

## isiPhoneXTabBar

Function to fix the height of Fake Tab Bar ONLY in the iPhoneX

**Parameters**

-   `size`  

Returns **[number][229]** The correct size for the Fake Tab Bar

[1]: #messageadded

[2]: #startfetchmessages

[3]: #donefetchmessages

[4]: #adddummymessage

[5]: #showspinner

[6]: #showspinner-1

[7]: #hidespinner

[8]: #hidespinner-1

[9]: #createprivatekey

[10]: #removeallprivatekeys

[11]: #removeprivatekey

[12]: #mnemoniccreated

[13]: #saveprivatekey

[14]: #validateenteredmnemonic

[15]: #changemnemonicvalid

[16]: #changeenteredmnemonic

[17]: #startnationcreation

[18]: #startnationediting

[19]: #resetnationcreation

[20]: #editingnationfieldchange

[21]: #cancelnationcreation

[22]: #savenationdraft

[23]: #deletenationdraft

[24]: #submitnation

[25]: #nationdraftsaveresult

[26]: #nationdraftdeleteresult

[27]: #nationsubmitresult

[28]: #switchnationtab

[29]: #opennation

[30]: #opennation-1

[31]: #requestsyncnations

[32]: #fetchnationsstarted

[33]: #joinnation

[34]: #joinnation-1

[35]: #leavenation

[36]: #leavenation-1

[37]: #donefetchnations

[38]: #donesyncnations

[39]: #startusercreating

[40]: #startuserediting

[41]: #changeeditinguser

[42]: #setuserprofile

[43]: #canceluserediting

[44]: #doneuserediting

[45]: #requestprofileupdate

[46]: #getuserprofile

[47]: #makestep

[48]: #resetsteps

[49]: #emptywallet

[50]: #selectwallet

[51]: #sendmoney

[52]: #walletslistupdated

[53]: #updatewalletlist

[54]: #updatewalletbalance

[55]: #sendmoneysuccess

[56]: #sendmoneyfailed

[57]: #walletsyncfailed

[58]: #style

[59]: #style-1

[60]: #style-2

[61]: #style-3

[62]: #style-4

[63]: #source

[64]: #backgroundimage

[65]: #text

[66]: #text-1

[67]: #text-2

[68]: #bodyparagraph

[69]: #bodyparagraphs

[70]: #children

[71]: #children-1

[72]: #onpress

[73]: #onpress-1

[74]: #onpress-2

[75]: #onpress-3

[76]: #enabled

[77]: #title

[78]: #title-1

[79]: #title-2

[80]: #title-3

[81]: #button

[82]: #react

[83]: #participants

[84]: #id

[85]: #id-1

[86]: #itemicon

[87]: #fakenavigationbar

[88]: #loading

[89]: #disable

[90]: #iconsource

[91]: #nationactionbutton

[92]: #nationlistheader

[93]: #textstyle

[94]: #status

[95]: #status-1

[96]: #statuscolor

[97]: #statuscolor-1

[98]: #nationlistitem

[99]: #navigator

[100]: #navigator-1

[101]: #navigatorcomponent

[102]: #titlestyle

[103]: #icon

[104]: #body

[105]: #renderadditionalinfo

[106]: #onbuttonclick

[107]: #buttontitle

[108]: #renderbottom

[109]: #childrencontainerstyle

[110]: #panelview

[111]: #panelviewalert

[112]: #nationname

[113]: #styles

[114]: #value

[115]: #value-1

[116]: #label

[117]: #label-1

[118]: #onvaluechange

[119]: #switchlabeled

[120]: #rowscount

[121]: #itemsperrow

[122]: #disableinactiverows

[123]: #activerow

[124]: #renderitem

[125]: #gridview

[126]: #component

[127]: #index

[128]: #islast

[129]: #editable

[130]: #onchange

[131]: #onsubmit

[132]: #onfocus

[133]: #privatekeytextinputcontainer

[134]: #nameheading

[135]: #balance

[136]: #imagepath

[137]: #onsendpress

[138]: #onreceivepress

[139]: #walletcard

[140]: #erroralert

[141]: #alert

[142]: #converthex

[143]: #shadeof

[144]: #shadeofbitnationcolor

[145]: #shadeofbitnationlightcolor

[146]: #screen

[147]: #mergemessages

[148]: #activity

[149]: #chat

[150]: #key

[151]: #modifynation

[152]: #nationismodified

[153]: #nations

[154]: #nations-1

[155]: #nations-2

[156]: #nations-3

[157]: #profile

[158]: #testingmode

[159]: #wallet

[160]: #syncnations

[161]: #startnationindexingworker

[162]: #watchnationupdate

[163]: #updateprofile

[164]: #getprofile

[165]: #watchprofileupdate

[166]: #startprocessing

[167]: #selectedtab

[168]: #selectedtab-1

[169]: #mynations

[170]: #mynations-1

[171]: #onselectitem

[172]: #fetchnations

[173]: #isbot

[174]: #nationid

[175]: #user

[176]: #isfetching

[177]: #messages

[178]: #joined

[179]: #messages-1

[180]: #testingmode-1

[181]: #onadddummymessage

[182]: #activitypanel

[183]: #nations-4

[184]: #onselectnation

[185]: #loadinginprogress

[186]: #nationspanel

[187]: #wallets

[188]: #walletpanel

[189]: #factory

[190]: #profiletype

[191]: #profiletype-1

[192]: #profiletype-2

[193]: #accountbalancetype

[194]: #accountbalancetype-1

[195]: #accountbalancetype-2

[196]: #messagejobtype

[197]: #messagejobtype-1

[198]: #messagejobtype-2

[199]: #transactionjobtype

[200]: #transactionjobtype-1

[201]: #transactionjobtype-2

[202]: #nationtype

[203]: #nationtype-1

[204]: #nationtype-2

[205]: #schemata

[206]: #ethdaemon

[207]: #osdependencies

[208]: #securestorage

[209]: #currencytype

[210]: #wallettype

[211]: #creategiftedchatmessageobject

[212]: #roundeth

[213]: #prettywalletbalance

[214]: #shortethaddress

[215]: #resolvenation

[216]: #nationstatuscode

[217]: #nationstatustype

[218]: #nationstatus

[219]: #resolvestatus

[220]: #nationisdraft

[221]: #converttodatabase

[222]: #convertfromdatabase

[223]: #converttoeditingnation

[224]: #nationisvalid

[225]: #fontsizenormalizer

[226]: #normalwidthmargin

[227]: #isiphonexstatusbar

[228]: #isiphonextabbar

[229]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[230]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[231]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[232]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[233]: #nationtype

[234]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[235]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error

[236]: #profiletype

[237]: #wallettype

[238]: #button

[239]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[240]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date

[241]: #transactionjobtype

[242]: #currencytype

[243]: #nationstatustype

[244]: #nationstatuscode
